.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH CLUSTER_STATUS 1 "October 12, 2012"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
cluster_status - Visualise the status of a PBS-based HPC cluster
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cluster_status
.RI [ options ]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B cluster_status 
is a program to visualise the status of a PBS-based HPC cluster system.
.B cluster_status
generates a 3D view of all nodes in a cluster giving load and job-fill
status information.  Information about individual nodes is shown by holding
the mouse over a given node.  Visualisation can be either interactive with
OpenGL or non-interactive via PNG graphics output.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Print usage information and exit
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Print version information and exit
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-debug
Turn on debugging output
.TP
.B \-l, \-\-logfile=<filename>
Specify an alternative log file name
.TP
.B \-i, \-\-interactive
Turn on interactive behaviour (default on)
.TP
.B \-N, \-\-non_interactive
Turn off interactive behaviour
.TP
.B \-x, \-\-xmlfile=<filename>
Specify an input pbsnodes xml file
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-syscall
Issue system call at update to renew xml file
.TP
.B \-o, \-\-outfile=<filename>
Specify an output image file
.TP
.B \-c, \-\-configfile=<filename>
Specify an input configuration file
.TP
.B \-n, \-\-nodefile=<filename>
Specify an alternate nodes file
.TP
.B \-m, \-\-display_mode=<mode>
Specify either 'job' or 'load' display mode
.TP
.br
The program is documented fully by the 
.B pbsclusterviz
manual, which should be available at http://pbsclusterviz.sourceforge.net.
.SH AUTHOR
.B cluster_status
was written by Paul Cochrane <paultcochrane@users.sourceforge.net>.
.SH SEE ALSO
cluster_status(1), http://pbsclusterviz.sf.net
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
License GPLv2+: GNU GPL version 2 or later
<http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.PP
This manual page was written by Paul Cochrane <paultcochrane@users.sourceforge.net>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
